# COMP3700_Project
Package Delivery System 
Packages will be sent from sender location to receiver location. State of packages change from ready for pickup, dropped off, ready to transport, in transit, ready to deliver, in-vehicle for delivery, delivered, picked up, received, etc. Consider special cases of package loss in transit, package theft, expected delivery time, unexpected delays, periodical status updates posted online as well as sent as messages to registered users, etc., store payments, types of packages that can be mailed, etc.
	A customer will be mailing a package to a specific address. The customer must pay for their items to be shipped using a credit card, and the payment will be verified by the customer’s bank. A package label is created with the necessary information once the payment is verified; this information will also be entered into the system for tracking purposes. Once the package is prepared, it will be ready for pickup. The package is then dropped off to the shipping facility. When the package is confirmed, it will be ready for transport. The state of the package is now in transit. The delivery man will pick up the package and place it in-vehicle to take it to the delivery address or a distribution center along the delivery route. The customer can track their package at any time during the delivery process. By entering the tracking number into the system, they will be able to see periodical status updates posted online. The tracking information will also include if the package is lost in transit, any delays with the delivering system or package theft. Once the package arrives at the designated address of the package, it will be delivered. The customer will receive notification that their package has been delivered so they can pick it up. Once the customer receives the package, the package status will be updated to received.
